Before reading this, please know that although many players (including me) highly dislike FreeJam's constant cycling of
developers and designers, their constant recycling of Robocraft and their many "dumbing down" changes of Robocraft, we
still acknowledge it to be the leading example and best execution of the genre. It has made our teenage years the most
fun aside of Minecraft and Team Fortress 2.

Many examples have come into this genre and have all made the same mistake of not trying out other games in the genre
and thus repeating the same mistake where the game gets stale really quickly and combat is both too fast and too slow.
It is an interesting but difficult genre to master as you have to account for infinite player creation yet also somehow
still offer some reason to do that infinite creation and to outshow that infinite creation with something like excellent
combat. Usually people forgetthat there needs to be a real reason to keep replaying it aside of an endless grind, it
needs to be fun and exciting.

=====

> blink
A module in RC that allowed you to teleport.

> bot
A vehicle built by a player or an AI driven vehicle. Very confusing indeed, but to distinguish them we will use
"bot player" for the AI units.

> Chapter 3
Around the middle of RC's lifetime, a few updates were proposed. They were multiple "chapters", but one of them was
highly disliked. This was Chapter 3, with it's idea to change health from per cube to a per bot to indestructable
movement parts, weapons and a generated skeleton inside the bot and a big health bar for the health. This would
basically remove all redundancy to parts and make the already (by their nature) overpowered air units impossible to take
down. This idea came from the complaint that many children didn't know how to make a plane (often only using the wings
and never adding the rudders) and their shitty builds collapsing in on themselves after just a few shots. This would
have made players focus on spamming their parts to still come out on top of other builds as health would have less of an
impact compared to movement stats. This would have ruined the game in an instant. Luckily it was deflected after
mountains of complaints but FJ would later normalize the HP of cubes, made carrying capacity useless and simplified the
speed stats, so people would still end up using bots made of spammed parts. It just took 3 years instead of 3 months to
go degenerate.

> CRF
- TODO

> drone
- TODO

- DSM
Disc Shield Module, a module used to add a static shield in front of your cursor.

> FJ
FreeJam, the creator of Robocraft.

> heavy bomber
A heavily reinforced and armored plane, though more often in a sideways H shape than a triangle. Some so heavy they need
to use blink to get up high.

> HP
health points

> interceptor
An SMG plane.

> Laser
Refer to SMG.

> meta
- TODO

> module
A 3x3x3 part of high CPU cost that gives you a rechargeable ability such as teleporting, shield generation or energy
regaining. It originally used to be just the re-textured mega seat.

> RC
Robocraft, the best entry (sadly) in the voxel vehicle builder shooter genre.

> RC1
Refer to RC.

> RC2
Refer to Robocraft 2.

> robot
Refer to bot.

> SMG
SubMachine Gun, later changed to Laser, is a weapon example that denotes a simple gun to fire quick travelling, medium-long range
rounds of glowing energy. Your basic standard weapon, which often has the downside of low damage per shot and overheating or lower
accuracy over time.

> spotting
- TODO

> Windowmaker
A module that spotted every player on the map.